src/content/careers/java-developer.md, before:

---
title: "Java Developer"
department: "Engineering"
location: "Frisco, Texas"
type: "Full-time"
experience: "Mid Level"
salary: "$75,000 - $100,000"
description: |
  Join our Engineering team as a Java Developer and build scalable, server-side applications using Java technologies. You'll work on enterprise-grade applications, microservices architecture, and contribute to our growing portfolio of client solutions.

  This role offers the opportunity to work with modern Java frameworks and contribute to mission-critical applications that serve our diverse client base.
requirements:
  - "3+ years of Java development experience"
  - "Strong proficiency in Java 8+ and object-oriented programming"
  - "Experience with Spring Framework (Spring Boot, Spring MVC)"
  - "Knowledge of RESTful web services and API development"
  - "Familiarity with database technologies (MySQL, PostgreSQL)"
  - "Understanding of Maven or Gradle build tools"
  - "Experience with version control systems (Git)"
responsibilities:
  - "Design and develop robust Java applications and microservices"
  - "Build and maintain RESTful APIs and web services"
  - "Collaborate with cross-functional teams on application architecture"
  - "Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code"
  - "Participate in code reviews and maintain coding standards"
  - "Debug and troubleshoot application issues"
  - "Optimize application performance and scalability"
benefits:
  - "Competitive salary with performance bonuses"
  - "Comprehensive health insurance package"
  - "401(k) retirement plan with matching"
  - "Professional development and certification support"
  - "Modern development tools and environment"
  - "Flexible work arrangements"
  - "Team collaboration and learning opportunities"
skills:
  - "Java"
  - "Spring Boot"
  - "Spring Framework"
  - "REST APIs"
  - "MySQL"
  - "PostgreSQL"
  - "Maven"
  - "Git"
  - "Microservices"
  - "JUnit"
  - "Debugging"
published: true
featured: false
date: "2024-05-15T09:00:00.000Z"
---

Commit message:

check this cms careeeer if properly works

src/content/careers/java-developer.md, after:

---
title: "Java Developer"
department: "Software & Development"
location: "Frisco, Texas"
type: "Full-time"
experience: "Mid Level"
description: "Build scalable Java applications and microservices. Work with Spring Framework, REST APIs, and enterprise-grade solutions for our diverse client base."
requirements:
  - "3+ years of Java development experience"
  - "Strong proficiency in Java 8+ and object-oriented programming"
  - "Experience with Spring Framework (Spring Boot, Spring MVC)"
  - "Knowledge of RESTful web services and API development"
  - "Familiarity with database technologies (MySQL, PostgreSQL)"
  - "Understanding of Maven or Gradle build tools"
  - "Experience with version control systems (Git)"
responsibilities:
  - "Design and develop robust Java applications and microservices"
  - "Build and maintain RESTful APIs and web services"
  - "Collaborate with cross-functional teams on application architecture"
  - "Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code"
  - "Participate in code reviews and maintain coding standards"
  - "Debug and troubleshoot application issues"
  - "Optimize application performance and scalability"
benefits:
  - "Competitive salary with performance bonuses"
  - "Comprehensive health insurance package"
  - "401(k) retirement plan with matching"
  - "Professional development and certification support"
  - "Modern development tools and environment"
  - "Flexible work arrangements"
  - "Team collaboration and learning opportunities"
skills:
  - "Java"
  - "Spring Boot"
  - "Spring Framework"
  - "REST APIs"
  - "MySQL"
  - "PostgreSQL"
  - "Maven"
  - "Git"
  - "Microservices"
  - "JUnit"
  - "Debugging"
published: true
featured: false
date: "2024-05-15T09:00:00.000Z"
---
