src/content/careers/python-developer.md, before:

---
title: "Python Developer"
department: "Engineering"
location: "Remote"
type: "Full-time"
experience: "Mid Level"
salary: "$70,000 - $95,000"
description: |
  We're seeking a Python Developer to join our Engineering team and develop server-side web applications using Python technologies. You'll work on data processing applications, web APIs, and automation tools that power our client solutions.

  This role offers the opportunity to work with modern Python frameworks and contribute to diverse projects across multiple industries.
requirements:
  - "3+ years of Python development experience"
  - "Strong proficiency in Python 3.x and object-oriented programming"
  - "Experience with web frameworks (Django, Flask, or FastAPI)"
  - "Knowledge of database technologies and ORM frameworks"
  - "Familiarity with RESTful API development"
  - "Understanding of version control systems (Git)"
  - "Experience with testing frameworks (pytest, unittest)"
responsibilities:
  - "Develop and deploy server-side web applications using Python"
  - "Build RESTful APIs and web services"
  - "Design and implement database schemas and queries"
  - "Create automation scripts and data processing tools"
  - "Collaborate with frontend developers on API integration"
  - "Write comprehensive tests and maintain code quality"
  - "Optimize application performance and troubleshoot issues"
benefits:
  - "Competitive salary with annual reviews"
  - "Full health and dental insurance"
  - "401(k) retirement savings plan"
  - "Remote work flexibility"
  - "Python certification and training support"
  - "Access to latest development tools"
  - "Professional growth opportunities"
skills:
  - "Python"
  - "Django"
  - "Flask"
  - "FastAPI"
  - "PostgreSQL"
  - "SQLAlchemy"
  - "REST APIs"
  - "Git"
  - "pytest"
  - "Docker"
  - "Linux"
published: true
featured: false
date: "2024-05-16T10:00:00.000Z"
---

Commit message:

check this cms careeeer if properly works

src/content/careers/python-developer.md, after:

---
title: "Python Developer"
department: "Software & Development"
location: "Remote"
type: "Full-time"
experience: "Mid Level"
description: "Build scalable backend systems and data processing pipelines using Python. Work with Django, Flask, and modern frameworks to create robust applications."
requirements:
  - "3+ years of Python development experience"
  - "Strong proficiency in Python 3.x and object-oriented programming"
  - "Experience with web frameworks (Django, Flask, or FastAPI)"
  - "Knowledge of database technologies and ORM frameworks"
  - "Familiarity with RESTful API development"
  - "Understanding of version control systems (Git)"
  - "Experience with testing frameworks (pytest, unittest)"
responsibilities:
  - "Develop and deploy server-side web applications using Python"
  - "Build RESTful APIs and web services"
  - "Design and implement database schemas and queries"
  - "Create automation scripts and data processing tools"
  - "Collaborate with frontend developers on API integration"
  - "Write comprehensive tests and maintain code quality"
  - "Optimize application performance and troubleshoot issues"
benefits:
  - "Competitive salary with annual reviews"
  - "Full health and dental insurance"
  - "401(k) retirement savings plan"
  - "Remote work flexibility"
  - "Python certification and training support"
  - "Access to latest development tools"
  - "Professional growth opportunities"
skills:
  - "Python"
  - "Django"
  - "Flask"
  - "FastAPI"
  - "PostgreSQL"
  - "SQLAlchemy"
  - "REST APIs"
  - "Git"
  - "pytest"
  - "Docker"
  - "Linux"
published: true
featured: false
date: "2024-05-16T10:00:00.000Z"
---
